Voice Assistant (AI):

Video Demo: https://youtu.be/fH2kQK4GTHk

Description: This project is inspired by Google Voice Assistant, IOS voice assistant(SIRI), and Microsoft Voice Assistant(Cortana). My aim was to make a voice assistant like Jarvis in Iron Man movie, but due to the lack of my expertise I was not able to make that, but some how managed to make a small scale Voice Assistant. This project is inspired by Google Voice Assistant, IOS voice assistant(SIRI), and Microsoft Voice Assistant(Cortana). My aim was to make a voice assistant like Jarvis in Iron Man movie, but due to the lack of my expertise I was not able to make that, but some how managed to make a small scale Voice Assistant. Make sure to first call the activation key ("Titan"). After calling the activation key for the first time you may proceed with the above mentioned comands. There's no need to call the activation key every time you call commands, You just need to call the activation key one time after the project is launched. To make this voice assistant useful I also added some of the responsive commands that make this voice assistant useful to some extent. (1) hi (2) Hey Titan (3) Your name (4) How are you (5) old are you (6) time (7) Youtube (8) Harvard Introduction to computer science (9) Browser (10) Weather (11) Joke (12) Exit. I've made this final project by using Python programing language, because this language is considered as the most powerful and efficient programing language which have millions of libraries ready to be used all over the internet. Python programing is the fastest and the most effective as compared to other programing languages. In this project I've used some of the most commonly used libraries like (1) Pyttsx3 (2) Speech_recognition (4) Webbrowser (5) Datetime (6) Pyjokes (7) os (8) time. Pyttsx3: is a text-to-speech conversion library in Python. Unlike alternative libraries, it works offline, and is compatible with both Python 2 and 3. Speech_rocognition: is a library for performing speech recognition, with support for several engines and APIs, online and offline. Webbrowser: module provides a high-level interface to allow displaying web-based documents to users. Under most circumstances, simply calling the open() function from this module will do the right thing. Pyjokes: is an module that provides one line jokes for programmers (jokes as a service). OS: This module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality. If you just want to read or write a file see open(), if you want to manipulate paths, see the os.path module, and if you want to read all the lines in all the files on the command line see the fileinput module. For creating temporary files and directories see the tempfile module, and for high-level file and directory handling see the shutil module. Time: This module in Python provides functions for handling time-related tasks.